Add dependent stack deployments blog (#3036)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/dependent-stack-updates/index.md

```ts
import * as service from "@pulumi/pulumiservice";

// when the `network/prod’ stack gets updated, trigger a deployment on `database/prod`
const databaseWebhook = new service.Webhook("databaseWebhook", {
    organizationName: "org",
    projectName: “network,
    stackName: “prod”,
    format: service.WebhookFormat.PulumiDeployments,
    payloadUrl: "database/prod",
    active: true,
    displayName: "deploy-database",
    filters: [service.WebhookFilters.UpdateSucceeded]
});

// when the `database/prod` stack gets updated, trigger a deployment on `compute/prod`
const computeWebhook = new service.Webhook("computeWebhook", {
    organizationName: "org",
    projectName: “database,
    stackName: “production”,
    format: service.WebhookFormat.PulumiDeployments,
    payloadUrl: "compute/prod",
    active: true,
    displayName: "deploy-compute",
    filters: [service.WebhookFilters.UpdateSucceeded]
});
```

## Expressing Stack Dependencies with pulumi-auto-deploy

> We’ve also shipped a new Pulumi package called [`pulumi-auto-deploy`](github.com/pulumi/pulumi-auto-deploy). It let’s you simply express dependencies between stacks, and takes care of creating and updating the necessary Deployment Webhooks under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve also shipped a new Pulumi package called [`pulumi-auto-deploy`](github.com/pulumi/pulumi-auto-deploy). It lets you simply express dependencies between stacks, and takes care of creating and updating the necessary Deployment Webhooks under the hood.
```
